Add CMI config and status docs (#569)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/metrics/metrics-integration/process.adoc

image:cmi_initial_status.png[]
+
. To setup an APM system to fetch Aura metrics, click on the `...` in the table view and copy either the endpoint or Prometheus job configuration template(if configuring Prometheus). +
image:cmi_apm_config_input.png[]
+
. Use oauth2 type of authentication specifying the Client ID and Client Secret created in the previous step. See examples for **__Prometheus__** and **__Datadog__** xref:./examples.adoc[here].
. Once metrics start flowing to APM system, statuses of used endpoints can be viewed in the Metrics integration table. +
image:cmi_error_status.png[]

[[cmi-endpoint-config]]
== Metrics endpoint configuration

Aura Metrics Integration setup offers two types of metrics endpoints to endpoint Aura instance metrics:

- **Project metrics endpoint** - A single endpoint with Project level endpoint configuration that allows selecting which instance metrics to include.
- **Instance metrics endpoint** - Individual endpoint for each of the instances in the Project with corresponding endpoint configuration.

image:cmi_initial_status.png[]

> Click on the `Cog` icon for an endpoint in the table to configure that endpoint.

Author: ```suggestion
Use the __Settings__ button for an endpoint in the table to configure that endpoint.
```
